hey what's up ladies split out here with
my second commentary and you know what
this one this one's gonna be exciting
because not only do I have a much better
microphone but this one I'm going with
you commando and if you haven't used the
commando I definitely recommend you try
it do I fight a lot it may not be one of
the best guns but it is it is a good gun
that is for sure and they're right off
the bat day I got quite a few hit
markers but finally get a kill and I
realized that this guy also has a
commando so that is awesome a golden two
more like right what so now I have tons
of amelie which is great news going into
these deaths and there's my buddy ty
he's a good guy good player and teammate
I have definitely helped but he just
died there that's a shame sorry God oh
look at that corn sitter sitting in his
field of corn over there all by himself
looking at nothing as you may or may not
know uh i just finished up my my
personal roads commander series it's not
actually a road to commander but what i
do is i post one gameplay released by
plaintiff um each of my prestigious so
an total like six killing gameplays and
basically problem maybe not my best
gameplay from the prestige but the most
most exciting anyways over the coolant
and it gives you a little example of
powerful jamming our radar basically how
my skill is trolling around my first
game all the way to my last and my mom
not my last game but my most recent game
and that gun scared the shit out of me
right there wow that counter you raid on
up there and fucking that guy just
walked up behind me
well good thing finally players not on
that's all I said oh and that I just
checking knack for that corn sitter
there and he was now there but anyway
back to what i was saying i have no idea
what i was saying but yeah that's always
good oh yeah back to uh my own personal
RTC George blender well the final
episode was just released recently hang
in there and getting some good feedback
unfortunately it was with a very shitty
microphone to say the least and the
quality of leon tier commentary wasn't
the greatest however you know whatever
it has to suffice but right now onto the
back to this gameplay right now I'm uh
I'm about to die and it is but I got my
Blackbird 75 people ready for deployment
and I just doing that smarty be able to
use that hopefully if things go well for
me here which I'm sure they will what I
probably won't be uploading this game
but yeah let's see what happens here I
don't even know how I got that kill I
swear I just turned around the corner
shot one bullet didn't even aim just
shot a bullet then I gotta clear the
ball but you know what I'm not gonna
complain that was until five Wayne Brady
medical scare in the back get my to kill
Street about oh yeah always rolling with
hardline hardline pro to be honest if it
wasn't hardline pro and you probably
just call me a noob I mean who doesn't
roll the pros ribs like what the fuck
and there's another line 10 sorry no I
Blackbird yet hey there's another black
bird for for you guys hopefully uh you
know can use that one this is
my first and we'll shot that guy in the
head but get an assist you know 80
points whatever can't complain enemies
by plating coming oh so now that i'm
done with my roots commander series I
don't know why I call it that but you
know that sort of Engineers my road
manager series but now that I'm done
with that I mean I don't really know
what i should upload probably maybe some
wager matches or free-for-alls or
whatever you guys want to see I mean I'm
down I play everything so you guys want
to see something specific running now
I'll see what I can do I once took a
request to do do a scorp gameplay and i
can tell you bring around a little score
if you once knew that you killed a lot
of time for the Cobra everyone lots of
times I mean you can obviously get a
good gameplay eventually but it may take
quite a few deaths and but if you have
anything crazy you know feel free to
shoot it out there and we'll see what
happens I got that other black bird up
there and I'm lucky I didn't die that
guy was shooting at me but good thing is
terribly and then my helicopter I'll
call the crank open it huh
you know the battle wrong got hurt after
it does what it does and what it does it
kills five points 25 his chin under the
stairs Bradley 5 plaintiff out and I
like will be to sit under those stairs
the stairs of doom
oh this guy's just standing still
waiting for someone to shoot i guess and
that is a mistake oh I want this last
care of it I want you to ask you it's
kind of feel it feel it oh I see you I
see oh well that wraps up this planetary
work I hope you guys enjoyed this match
I go thirty one and two not bad 15.5
ratio hope you guys enjoyed take care